[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The first
stop on Luffy's journey
is Fishman Island, thousands
of feet below sea level,
where his crew becomes
involved in a civil war.
Meeting Jimbei,
they learn of the events
that led to the conflict.
He tells a tale of
the Fishman Pirates,
the island's brave queen,
and its hero, Fisher Tiger.
[inaudible]
[KOALA gasps]
It's okay for you to cry!
We are nothing like those
evil Celestial Dragons.
So, don't you dare
act like we are.
Now watch.
[gasps]
No killing--not now, not ever!
No matter how far the journey...
...we're taking
this girl back home!
[LUFFY] "The Death of the Hero!
A Shocking Truth of Tiger!"
[SUN PIRATE D]
It took a while,
but we finally got an Eternal
Pose to Koala's hometown!
[HACHI]
Nyu! You hear that, Koala?
You can go back to your family!
[KOALA]
Um, really?
[laughs]
Well, aren't you pretty!
Your parents will be proud
to see what a fine
young lady you've become.
I don't look silly?
[SUN PIRATES laugh]
We got rid of those
old rags of yours.
You don't want them back, right?
[KOALA grunts]
You may feel awkward at first,
but I promise your
mom'll be happy.
I should clean.
Nyu! You gotta break that
weird habit of yours, okay?
You're just a normal girl!
This isn't Marie Jois!
Ah, just let her
do what she wants.
[HACHI]
Nyu?
[ALADDIN]
The girl was traumatized.
You can't expect her
to stop that easily.
These things take time.
Sorry.
You should listen to Aladdin.
He would know.
[ALADDIN growls]
Because you were a slave
once yourself, weren't you?
But those feelings might be
better served if you killed her.
[KOALA gasps]
Former slave
or not, she's human.
Just like the ones
who owned you.
I think we've heard
enough, Arlong.
Let me ask you a little
question. Tell me the truth.
Even though we spared your life,
I bet your parents don't
give a damn about Fishmen.
[TIGER grunts]
[laughing]
Humans think they're
superior to everyone!
That's why there's
no point in saving
a so-called "innocent child,"
because all of them are guilty!
She'll go home, and
she'll learn to hate us.
It won't stop
until we stop them!
Until we take them down a peg!
[ARLONG]
But you know that, right?
You've seen the way they
look at us, haven't you?
The fear, the contempt
in their eyes.
If it were my decision,
they would all be
five feet under right now.
[TIGER grunts]
Some humans, but
hardly all of them.
[gasps]
[SUN PIRATES grunt]
I think you need to look closer.
Is that so?
I see fear, but that
is not the same as contempt.
Is it because we're pirates?
[KOALA gasps]
Why are you so afraid of us?
'Cause I... I don't
know much about you.
I've heard that before.
[OTOHIME]
It's true that our only exposure
to humans has been negative.
But, that doesn't mean we
can judge all humans the same!
Fear comes from ignorance.
[HACHI]
Koala, let's play a game.
[KOALA grunts]
[HACHI] See if you can
figure out which hand it's in.
There. Okay, guess!
[KOALA]
Um, that one?
[HACHI grunts]
Nope! Too bad! Here it is!
[SUN PIRATES laugh]
'Kay, one more try.
All right. Watch close.
[gasps]
[HACHI]
Now guess!
[KOALA]
Uh... this one?
[HACHI]
Aw, so close!
[SUN PIRATES laugh]
[JIMBEI] Then, just as she
started to open up to the crew,
we reached her last stop--
Foolshout Island, her hometown,
at last, as promised.
[TIGER] This is it, Koala.
Time to bid the ship farewell.
[gasps]
[TIGER]
Where's your home village?
[KOALA]
Huh?
Come on. I'll walk you
to the entrance at least.
[KOALA]
Okay!
--[ALL crying]
--[MACRO] Don't go, Koala!
You can keep sailing with us!
[GYARO] You're a good girl,
Even if you're human!
Would you pull it together?
[SUN PIRATES crying]
[KOALA] I'll tell the whole
village how great you guys are!
I'll let everyone know that
Fishmen are nice and not scary!
[SUN PIRATES cheering]
I'll miss you! So long!
Thanks for helping me!
Bye! Good luck out there!
[KOALA laughs]
[TIGER]
Hmm?
[giggles]
[gasps]
[KOALA giggling]
[TIGER grunts]
[sighs]
[ARLONG]
You think she's cute now,
but she'll be a Fishman-hating
bigot soon enough.
Arlong! You take that back!
Ah? Jimbei!
Enough. All right?
Always so noble.
Funny, three years ago,
you weren't like this.
What's that?
Don't be a fool.
One girl telling her village
that "Fishmen are nice"
isn't gonna change a thing.
Just like poor Queen Otohime.
No one will listen,
and no one will give a damn.
[JIMBEI grunts]
Huh?
It's Koala!
She came back!
Look, it's your daughter!
Come and see for yourself!
It is her!
Yeah...
[KOALA]
Hey, guys!
[MAN A]
Hurry! Go and tell her hello!
Koala.
You're home!
[KOALA]
Mom...
[KOALA'S MOM crying]
[KOALA gasps]
[KOALA sobbing]
I'm so glad you're back!
I missed you so much!
[BOTH crying]
[KOALA]
Mom, I love you!
This is the best day.
[MAN C] Hey, that's the
captain of the Sun Pirates!
[MAN D]
Fisher Tiger?
Fishmen are bad guys,
aren't they? I'm scared.
[MAN E]
Shh!
[TIGER grunts]
I'm sorry I couldn't
protect you.
I know you had an awful time,
but you'll be safe with me now.
Some good things happened, too.
The Nobles were mean,
but I also made friends.
[KOALA'S MOM gasps]
Everyone said Fishmen are bad,
but that's 'cause
they don't know them!
I met a whole bunch
of nice Fishmen!
[KOALA'S MOM] I... think
you're confused right now.
[KOALA]
Mm-mm!
They're the ones
who brought me here!
I sailed for a long time with
Uncle Tiger and all his friends!
If you got to know them,
you'd like them, too!
That's all it takes!
[KOALA] Uncle Tiger!
You can't sneak off yet!
Thanks! I'll miss
you! Take care now!
I'll never forget you!
Not for the rest of my life!
And I won't forget Hachi
or Aladdin either!
Even if we never
see each other again,
in my heart, we'll
always be friends, okay?
I learned a lot! Thank you!
[TIGER] I know these
things happen slowly,
but by the time you grow up,
I hope our people
can finally get along.
[TIGER grunts]
Ah, ha. There you are--
Fisher Tiger of the Sun Pirates.
I'm Rear Admiral Strawberry.
We were informed that you might
be stopping on this island.
That girl was property
of the Celestial Dragons,
but we're going to look the
other way on that matter--
at least for the time being.
[STRAWBERRY] That is to say,
the village elders were more
than willing to sell you
out as long as we spared her.
Do you know why I'm here?
You must, so I won't
waste your time.
This is rather generous,
all things considered,
but you're facing two charges:
Assault and escape.
[TIGER grunts]
[TIGER gasping]
[gunfire]
What the...? What in
the hell is going on?
It's from the same
direction Boss was headed.
[JIMBEI] Surely, they
wouldn't attack him.
[MACRO gasps]
[SUN PIRATE E]
Look! Out at sea!
[ALL]
Huh?
[CHOO]
Choo! It's the Navy!
We're surrounded!
What're they doing here?
[ARLONG]
It was a damn trap!
[BOTH gasp]
The brat was nothing
but a ploy to lure us here.
They played us for fools.
We show them an ounce of
kindness and this happens!
See? Humans are monsters!
[SUN PIRATES yelling]
Those bastards!
Wait, no.
It must be Tiger they want!
Hey!
[ARLONG]
Huh?
You guys, guard the boat!
I'm gonna go save the boss.
Good! We finally agree!
When you stop yappin'
and start throwin' punches,
I know you won't let me down!
[JIMBEI] I'll take that
as a compliment. Let's go!
[SUN PIRATES shouting]
Hey, Arlong, sir!
This is bad.
The ship is gonna sink!
Jump in the sea!
[ARLONG] Our ship's done for!
Let's hijack one of theirs!
[SUN PIRATES shouting]
[TIGER grunts]
[MARINE A groans]
[MARINES gasp]
[TIGER panting]
How is this monster
still fighting back?
We're plugging
him full of bullets
and he's just shrugging it off!
A monster?
[TIGER]
You humans think I'm a monster?
We'll see!
Fire!
--[MEN, WOMEN cheering]
--[KOALA gasps]
Did you hear that noise,
Mom? It was loud.
[gasps] What noise?
I was right.
Boss!
Rear Admiral, sir! The Sun
Pirates came to save Tiger!
I see, it's him. Yes.
Jimbei.
My friends... I'm sorry.
[SUN PIRATES]
Boss!
Are you the one
responsible for this?
I do it all for justice.
And justice demands
I crush criminals like you!
[JIMBEI]
Curse you!
[JIMBEI growls]
Do you want to die
with your captain?
You're not as strong
as you think, human!
[JIMBEI] We were able rescue
our boss from the Marines,
as planned, and although our
ship was sunk during battle,
Arlong was able to secure
a new one from the enemy.
Then...
[SUN PIRATES]
What?!
[HACHI] What do ya mean
ya don't want a transfusion?
Are you crazy?
You don't have time!
You're gonna die!
You've lost far too much blood.
Whatever your feelings are,
you must reconsider!
The boss has a very
rare blood type.
No one on the crew
is compatible,
so we need another option.
The blood they have
stocked on the ship
wouldn't be from Fishmen.
[groans]
It would be human.
So, what? It should work.
Humans and Fishmen
share the same blood.
We found your type as well.
So, it's settled, all right?
[TIGER groans]
Now just relax. You're all good.
Get away!
[SUN PIRATES gasp]
I would rather die than
live with their blood!
[TIGER] I won't put
that filth in my body.
The blood of the bastards
who tried to kill me.
Damn it, no.
I won't take their mercy.
I will not owe them.
I won't give in to
any human! I won't!
[TIGER panting]
What happened?
Something changed
for you to say this.
I didn't want to
tell you guys this.
But I...
...on my last trip...
[JIMBEI] That was quite
a lengthy voyage you took!
[TIGER]
Yeah, an eventful one, too.
[NEPTUNE]
Tell me.
Why are you so
adamant about this?
What did you see on your trip?
I saw human nature.
Soon after I started
off on my journey...
...they captured me.
[SUN PIRATES gasp]
In Marie Jois... they made me...
[crying]
I was...
...a damn slave!
Boss, no!
[ARLONG, ALADDIN, MACRO gasping]
Tiger!
[TIGER]
I saw true human corruption...
...true depravity.
I barely escaped, but then...
...I kept thinking
about those other slaves,
so I went back.
Listen to me.
I lived how I chose to--
against Otohime's will.
But, I still believe in her.
[TIGER] I still
believe that she's right.
Everyone wants peace.
Humans and Fishmen alike.
But our generation
can't bring that peace.
We're bound to an ugly past.
Only children like Koala,
free of that history
can change the world.
Please you can't tell them.
You... have to... hold it in.
Our tragedy and our hatred.
They must die with us...
No, it's all wrong.
You heard me!
[panting]
Some humans... are kind.
They know...
we're not so different.
I know it, too.
And because I've met so
many compassionate humans,
I realize it's foolish
to leave nothing but hatred
as legacy when I die.
But even though my mind
understands that,
there is a devil in my
heart that cannot forgive--
that fills me with rage.
My very flesh rejects them.
It rejects their blood!
[TIGER] Despite all
that I've fought for,
I cannot love them.
I'm sorry!
However you feel, you can work
it out when this is all done.
For now, I'm begging
you, just live!
Listen, Boss. You're a hero.
Those slaves that you set free,
they owe you their very lives.
Please, Boss, you can't
die, not like this!
To every slave
and every Fishman,
you're a symbol of hope!
Then I'm happy.
[TIGER]
You're still not strong enough.
Damn it!
You have to step in front of
your men with your whole body.
Do that, you protect them.
Huh? Why would I--
[JIMBEI groans]
[ARLONG]
Jimbei!
[TIGER] If there's no one
else who can challenge me,
I'm the new leader of
the Fishman District!
Call me, Tiger!
We're all brothers now.
Your blood is my blood,
so I swear that I'll protect it!
I'll fight for the lives
of every Fishman!
[TIGER groans]
[SUN PIRATES gasp]
[SUN PIRATES crying]
[SUN PIRATES]
No!
[NARRATOR] Fisher Tiger's death
comes as a great shock to all.
In the aftermath of his demise,
Fishmen are left wondering
if they can truly
coexist with humans.
While Jimbei vows to uphold
Tiger and Otohime's ideals,
Arlong's resentment grows.
It's only a matter
of time before
the Sun Pirates face
a crisis of identity.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Sun Pirates Split!
Jimbei vs. Arlong!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!